Hey everybody, my name is Cecil and I'm here with Jay and we're part of the Posit Support
team and today we're going to walk through running a Connect document on the Linux command
line.
So there may be instances where you have a published application that may have stopped
working or you'd like to test it on the Linux command line just to rule out the Posit products
as a variable and there's a relatively easy way to do that.
First we have to find the data directory that Connect uses and if you haven't set this it
defaults to var lib rstudio connect.
You can change this if you like and if you change the base directory then you can just
change the appended directory on Linux and you can see all your apps.
So in this example because it's the default we can navigate to this directory and find
our application.
All of our applications will be within this subdirectory and the way we identify it in
particular is with the content ID.
So in this case we'll pull up a terminal, we need to do a quarto preview var lib rstudio
connect and we have a bunch of folders in here.
So for our particular app we'll need to go into the apps folder and we'll be presented
with a selection of numbers and the number that we need corresponds to the content ID
which in this case is 40.
So 68 is just the iteration if you've published multiple renditions of this app that number
will change but because we only have one we can leave it 68 for now.
Now here we have all of our files.
Because this is a quarto document we will need to run quarto preview on the QMD file
So this would be demo.qmd and if we run that command it should process and give us a URL
that we can browse to.
So it's given us localhost at a randomized port and if we put that into our web browser
that should bring up the same app.